there are two kinds of companies
followers and leaders some keyboard
manufacturers approach the problem of
ergonomics by taking your standard
QWERTY keyboard and sprinkling in a
little bend here in some separation
there but leaders they have true courage
they use first principle thinking to
build new products from the ground up
and the safe type keyboard turns the
whole idea of a keyboard on its side and
then down normal and then on its other
side
but is this 290 dollar command center
the answer to your RS I Christ or are
these guys coming at this from
completely the wrong angle
[Music]
cooller masters 25th anniversary edition
cosmos 2 features a unique dual curved
tempered glass side panel check it out
now at the link below okay let's just
get this out of the way the safe types
layout is pretty unconventional the
Alpha portion of the keyboard has been
split into two equal halves and rotated
making it the most 3d keyboard we've
ever tested more about why in a moment
first let's look at the third section
which contains the cursor controls a
number pad and media buttons and some of
these are super handy what a great use
of otherwise empty middle space I'm
looking at you Kinney sis just be
careful to not accidentally hit the
shutdown hotkey during the season finale
of scrapyard Wars let's get this out of
the way early - this thing looks weird
but it's actually a lot faster to get
used to then you'd probably think all of
the keys are in their usual least
relatively speaking usual spots and the
s and J keys are even bumpier than
normal to help keep you anchored on the
home row the only kind of novel key
placement is the extra backspace key
that shifts all the workload from your
right pinky to being able to split it
with your left thumb and a thumbs up for
that one another thing that looks weird
but is for a reason is the legend why
are some of the symbols all rotating
backwards aha well hold on to your
carpals my friends because although safe
type recommends that users be proficient
touch typists before purchasing one of
their keyboards and we agree you really
cannot see what the heck you're pressing
from a natural position they realize
that some keys are used so infrequently
but it might help
to be able to take a peek at them and
that is why they include this high-vis
vest and hard hat in the box
for the dedicated spotter that you'll
need to help you find your way around or
down almost keep going just kidding
the real solution is the key caps with
the reverse lettering and built-in
rearview mirrors obviously they're
adjustable so you can aim them at the
function and number keys or my favorite
the ctrl and alt keys so you can still
do all your favorite columns but like
this not like this power goes like this
protip you can actually also use them to
keep an eye out for your boss during
not-safe-for-work lunch breaks but let's
get seriously here what the hell were
they thinking designing a keyboard like
this well it turns out that there are
three damaging postures associated with
typical keyboard use all in their
deviation which happens when your wrists
go like this extension which is when
your wrists do that and pronation which
is when your hands are like oh okay that
last one actually doesn't look bad but
it actually causes the two major bones
in your forearms to scissor pinching
nerves and blood vessels save type
claims to address all of these issues
without transferring the stress to other
parts of your body like the neck and
shoulders I say your mileage may vary
somewhat because depending on some other
factors you may actually end up in a
worse posture than you would have with
your good old fashioned 104 key because
here's the thing it's clear that the
vertical hand position is going to keep
your arms from pronating so scratch that
one off the list but all in there
deviation that depends more on your desk
setup if it's too high your wrists are
going to be above your elbows no good
and if you can't lower your desk what's
your
going to have to do is raise your chair
I ended up with my feet dangling also
not ideal on the bright side you can
solve that with a couple of blocks under
the back of the board so maybe a v2 will
come with feet but it's not something
that's included in the box
and finally as for extension save type
says the most orthopedically neutral
position is achieved by starting with
your arms at your sides and then using
only your biceps to lift the arms until
they're perpendicular to the ground but
then you've got to hold your arms up
like that the whole time you're typing
who wants to do that I'd probably end up
with my elbows on the chairs arm rests
after 2 minutes and that's just going to
bend my wrists more so it is this
ergonomic keyboard for you well if you
have the right setup like a standing
desk or one with a dropped keyboard tray
then the health benefits could be real
but the membrane key switches are pretty
mushy moving your hand from the outside
to the inside is crazy inefficient and
the build quality is average for like 15
years ago it kind of comes down to
whether you want to invest the extra $60
and the learning time into an advantage
- or if you need an ergonomic keyboard
that you can type proficiently on right
this minute I mean it's got a 30-day
money-back guarantee it works on Windows
and Mac is available in North America
and Europe so you know why am I even
bothering with this conclusion did you
just it go for it it's just money
like whatever it's it's after 6:00 I'm
time to go home it's not a real chair
tunnel there is the simple VPN app so if
you want to browse the internet
privately without your internet service
provider or pesky advertisers keeping
track of what you're doing or you want
to enjoy a more open Internet with you
know services or programming that's
otherwise not available to you do to
pesky geo restrictions tunnel there is
the way to go and it's just so easy to
use it's available for iOS Android PC
and Mac they've even got a Chrome
extension and you basically press the
button and boom your connection gets
encrypted and it appears to the websites
and services that you use as though you
are some anonymous person in some other
country try it for free with 500
megabytes of data and no credit card
required at the link below and and wait
wait there's more if you choose to get a
year of unlimited data you can save 10%
by going to tunnel bear comm /l tt yeah
I'm back thanks for watching guys it's a
video stuck you know what to do but if
it's awesome get subscribed hit that
like button or check out the link to
where to buy the stuff we featured in
the video description also down there is
our merch store which has cool shirts
like this one and our community forum
which you should totally join now I'm
leaving for real